Documentation updates for `systemd` transition (#4875)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/administration/requirements/upgrade-java-guidelines.adoc

. Stop the Jenkins instance
. Upgrade the JVM on which Jenkins is running
  ** Use a package manager to install the new JVM.

>   ** Make sure the default JVM is the newly installed version. If it is not, set `JAVA_HOME` or `JENKINS_JAVA_CMD` in the Jenkins startup scripts (`/lib/systemd/system/jenkins.service` and `/etc/systemd/system/jenkins.service.d/override.conf`).

Reviewer: Do you need to modify the service unit file? I thought you were generally supposed to leave that alone and use the override file instead, but it’s been awhile since I’ve had to use systemd

Author: Yes you need to edit the override file using the information described in the main service unit. Feel free to suggest an improved wording.

Reviewer: what about:
```suggestion
  ** Make sure the default JVM is the newly installed version. If it is not, set `JAVA_HOME` or `JENKINS_JAVA_CMD` in the systemd override file (`/etc/systemd/system/jenkins.service.d/override.conf`).
```
